# Project Structure Improvements

## 1. General Suggestions

### Remove Redundant Files

Files like .DS_Store can be removed as they don't serve a purpose in version
control. Ensure .gitignore has entries to prevent reintroduction. Document
Structure: Add a docs/structure.md or similar file explaining the purpose of
various folders and key files for new contributors. Consolidate Configuration
Files: If possible, reduce the number of configuration files by merging
compatible ones. For instance, tools like prettier and eslint allow combining
their configurations into package.json or .pyproject.toml. Review Obsolete
Files: Check for unused or outdated configurations like .gitlab-ci.yml if GitHub
Actions is the primary CI/CD.

## 2. CI/CD Improvements

### Centralize GitHub Actions Workflows

Consider consolidating workflows by combining related actions (e.g., linting and
testing) into fewer files for better readability and management.

### Auto-Generate Release Notes

The release-drafter.yml is a great start; integrate it with workflows to
auto-generate draft releases after merges.

### Secrets Management

If using .envrc or .secretlintrc.json, ensure sensitive data is securely
encrypted and managed using GitHub Secrets or a secrets management tool like
HashiCorp Vault.

## 3. Documentation

### Add More High-Level Docs

Expand README.md or add files to explain: System architecture or design
principles. How the documentation is generated (mkdocs setup). How to extend
linters like Vale and Proselint. Enhance MkDocs Structure: Add custom navigation
for better discoverability in mkdocs.yml.

### API Documentation

If api-docs.md is auto-generated, integrate the generation process into
CI/CD. 4. Linting and Static Analysis

### MegaLinter Logs

Review recurring errors (e.g., ERROR-REPOSITORY_GITLEAKS.log) and suppress false
positives or fix underlying issues.

### Dynamic Linters Configuration

Move .cspell.json or goodcheck.yml under a common config/linters/ directory for
better organization.

### Custom Dictionaries

If config/vocabularies/ contains common terms, share them with contributors to
reduce inconsistencies.

## 5. Resources

### Optimize Icons

Simplify folder structures for icons (tango, Vimix-Paper) and document their
purpose.

### Use a CDN or Assets Manager

Instead of bundling large resource directories like resources/icons, consider
hosting on a CDN or packaging them separately.

## 6. Code Quality

### Dependency Management

pyproject.toml and package.json should ensure all dependencies are pinned to
avoid version conflicts.

### Consolidate Wheels and Tarballs

The dist/ folder should be cleaned regularly and excluded from version control.

### Test Coverage

Enhance .coverage usage with automatic uploads to a service like Codecov for
better visibility.

## 7. Security

### Reuse Compliance

Ensure REUSE.toml is up-to-date and aligns with LICENSES/. Regular Security
Scans: Use workflows like gitleaks, checkov, and grype to automate scanning.

### Secrets Audit

Ensure .envrc doesn't contain sensitive keys directly.

## 8. Contributor Friendliness

### Streamline Onboarding

Enhance CONTRIBUTING.md and community/ to include setup scripts, quick start
guides, and FAQs.

### Standardize Commit Messages

Leverage commitlint.config.js and CI to enforce a consistent style.

### Code Style Guides

Ensure .editorconfig and .prettierrc.yaml reflect the same style guides.
